Addendum to Lease-Chicago

This Addendum to Lease is made on * ,20  * , between  * , landlord,
address: * 

and  * ,tenant,
address: * 

For valuable consideration, the parties agree as follows:

1.This Addendum is added to the following described lease, dated  *  , which is attached, and this
Addendum is made a part of that lease: * 


2.The parties agree to add to this lease as follows:

Landlord shall supply tenant with a copy of Chicago 's Residential Landlord and Tenant
Ordinance Summary. Additionally, if Tenant is responsible for heating of the rental unit, Landlord
agrees to supply the Tenant with the average monthly cost of heating the rental unit during normal
weather on the attached Heating Cost Disclosure Form. In addition, the following disclosure
applies:

Heating Cost Disclosure (for Tenant-Heated Apartments)
For all properties to which the Heating Cost Disclosure Ordinance (Chicago, IL Municipal Code,
Chapter 193.21)is applicable.
a. The cost of heating the apartment shall be the responsibility of Tenant.
b. Tenant acknowledges that Tenant was provided with heating cost information prior to any
written or verbal agreement to enter into this lease and prior to any exchange of money. The
projected average monthly cost of heat utility service (based on energy consumption during
the most recent Annual Period by continuous occupancy by one or more occupants, current
or estimated rates and normal weather)for the Apartment is $ * .
c. A copy of the Heating Cost Disclosure Form as required by the City of Chicago
Department of Consumer Services is attached to this lease.
d. By signing this lease, Tenant acknowledges that tenant has received the Heating Cost
Disclosure Form.
3.All other terms and conditions of the original lease remain in effect without further modification.
This Addendum binds and benefits both parties and any successors. This document, including
the attached lease, is the entire agreement between the parties. The parties have signed this
Addendum on the date specified at the beginning of this Addendum
of Lease.

 * 
Signature of landlord
 * 
Printed name of landlord

*
Signature of tenant
*
Printed name of tenant