Commercial Lease

This lease is made on *,20 * ,between
*, landlord,
address:


and * ,tenant,
address:


1.The Landlord agrees to rent to the Tenant and the Tenant agrees to rent from the Land-
lord the following property: *

2.The rental payments will be $* per month and will be payable by the Tenant to the Landlord on
the * day of each month, beginning on * .If any rental payment is not paid within 5 (five)days of
its due date, the Tenant agrees to pay an additional late charge of 5%(five percent)of the rental
due.

3.The term of this Lease will be from * ,until * .If Tenant is in full compliance with
all of the terms of this Lease at the expiration of this term, Tenant shall have the option to
renew this Lease for an additional term of * , with all terms and conditions of this Lease remaining
the same, except that the rent shall be $ * . If the Tenant remains as tenant after the expiration of
this Lease with the consent of the Landlord but without signing a new lease, a month-to-
month tenancy will be created with the same terms and conditions as this Lease, except
that such new tenancy may be terminated by ninety (90)days written notice from either
the Tenant or the Landlord, and that the rent shall be $ * .

4.The Tenant has paid the Landlord a security deposit of $ * .This security deposit will be held as
security for the repair of any damages to the property by the Tenant. This deposit will be returned
to the Tenant within 10 (ten)days of the termination of this Lease, minus any amounts needed to
repair the property, but without interest.,unless required by state law.

5.The Tenant has paid the Landlord an additional month 's rent in the amount of $ *.

This rent deposit will be held as security for the payment of rent by the Tenant. This rent
payment deposit will be returned to the Tenant within 10 (ten)days of the termination of
this Lease, minus any rent still due upon termination, but without interest, unless required
by state law.

6.The Tenant agrees to use the property only for the purpose of carrying on the following
lawful business: *

7.The Landlord agrees that the Tenant may install the following equipment and fixtures for
the purpose of operating the Tenant 's business and that such equipment and fixtures shall
remain the property of the Tenant: *

8.The Tenant has inspected the property and has found it satisfactory for its intended
purposes. The Landlord shall be responsible for the repair and upkeep of the exterior of
the property, including the roof, exterior walls, parking areas, landscaping, and building
foundation. The Tenant shall be responsible for the repair and upkeep of the interior of
the property, including all electrical, mechanical, plumbing, heating, cooling, or any
other system or equipment on the property. Tenant agrees to maintain the interior of the
property and the surrounding outside area in a clean, safe, and sanitary manner and not
to make any alterations to the property without the Landlord 's written consent. At the
termination of this Lease, the Tenant agrees to leave the property in the same condition
as when it was received, except for normal wear and tear. Tenant also agrees to comply
with all rules, laws, regulations, and ordinances affecting the property or the business
activities of the Tenant.

9.The Tenant agrees to obtain and pay for all necessary utilities for the property.
10.The Tenant agrees not to sub-let the property or assign this Lease without the Landlord 's
written consent, which shall not be unreasonably withheld. Tenant agrees to allow the
Landlord reasonable access to the property for inspection and repair. Landlord agrees to
enter the property only after notifying the Tenant in advance, except in an emergency.
11.If the Tenant fails to pay the rent on time or violates any other terms of this Lease, the
Landlord will provide written notice of the violation or default, allowing * 
days to correct the violation or default. If the violation or default is not completely
corrected within the time prescribed, the Landlord will have the right to terminate this
Lease with * days notice and in accordance with state law. Upon termination
of this Lease, the Tenant agrees to surrender possession of the property. The Landlord
will also have the right to re-enter the property and take possession of it, remove Tenant
and any equipment or possessions of Tenant, and to take advantage of any other legal
remedies available.

12.The Landlord agrees to carry fire and casualty insurance on the property, but shall have no
liability for the operation of the Tenant 's business. The Tenant agrees not to do
anything that will increase the Landlord 's insurance premiums and, further agrees to
indemnify and hold the Landlord harmless from any liability or damage, whether caused
by Tenant 's operations or otherwise. The Tenant agrees to carry and pay all premiums
for casualty insurance on any equipment or fixtures that Tenant installs at the property.
In addition ,the Tenant agrees to carry business liability insurance, including bodily
injury and property damage coverage, covering all Tenant 's business operations in the
amount of $ * with the Landlord named as a co-insured party. Tenant agrees to
furnish Landlord copies of the insurance policies and to not cancel the policies without
notifying the Landlord in advance. Tenant agrees to provide Landlord with a Certificate
of Insurance which indicates that Landlord is a co-insured party and that Landlord shall
be provided with a minimum of ten (10)days written notice prior to cancellation or
change of coverage.

13.This Lease is subject to any mortgage or deed of trust currently on the property or which
may be made against the property at any time in the future. The Tenant agrees to sign
any documents necessary to subordinate this Lease to a mortgage or deed of trust for the
Landlord.

14.This Lease may only be terminated by * days written notice from either
party, except in the event of a violation of any terms or default of any payments or
responsibilities due under this Lease, which are governed by the terms in Paragraph 11
of this Lease.

15.Tenant agrees that if any legal action is necessary to recover the property, collect any
amounts due under this Lease, or correct a violation of any term of this Lease, Tenant
shall be responsible for all costs incurred by Landlord in connection with such action,
including any reasonable attorney 's fees.

16.As required by law, the Landlord makes the following statement:"Radon gas is a
naturally-occurring radioactive gas that, when accumulated in sufficient quantities in
a building, may present health risks to persons exposed to it. Levels of radon gas that
exceed federal and state guidelines have been found in buildings in this state. Additional
information regarding radon gas and radon gas testing may be obtained from your
county health department."

17.The following are additional terms of this Lease: *


18.The parties agree that this Lease, including the following attachments : *  

is the entire agreement between them and that no terms of this Lease may be changed
except by written agreement of both parties. This Lease is intended to comply with
any and all applicable laws relating to landlord and tenant relationships in this state.
This Lease binds and benefits both the Landlord and Tenant and any heirs, successors,
representatives, or assigns. This Lease is governed by the laws of the State of * .

*
Signature of Landlord
*
Printed Name of Landlord
*
Signature of Tenant
*
Printed Name of Tenant
