Move in Move out Checklist and Acknowledgment

Landlord Name: *

Tenant Name: *

Address of leased property: *

Term of Lease: *

Date of Move-in: *

Date of Move-out: *

This form is to catalog and note the condition of all of the furniture, furnishing, appliances, and
personal property that is present at the leased property. The tenant is responsible for returning all
of
the following property upon moving out in as good a condition as is noted on the Move-in section
of this form, except for normal wear and tear. Landlord should complete this form prior to
move-in
and Tenant should check this form upon move-in, noting any disagreements with landlord's
assessment. 


Item               Description           Move-in Condition   Landlord Comments      Tenant Comments











Item               Description           Move-out Condition Landlord Comments     Tenant Comments








Move-in Acknowledgment

Landlord has reviewed this document and agrees with the items listed and their condition on the
date
of the Tenant's moving into the leased property.
Date: *

*
Landlord Signature

Tenant has inspected all of the listed items and found them to be present on the leased property
and to be in the condition indicated on the date of the Tenant's moving in to the leased property
(or else has noted any discrepancy on this form). Tenant agrees to return all of the listed property
on the date of moving out of the leased property in the same condition as indicated on this form,
except for normal wear and tear. By signing this form, Tenant agrees with Landlord's assessment
or notes his or her disagreement with the Landlord.

Date: *

*
Tenant Signature

Move-out Acknowledgment

Landlord has inspected the listed items and compared them to the move-in condition. If any
property differs from its move-in condition, other than normal wear and tear, any differences have
been listed on this form. 

Date: *

*
Landlord Signature 

Tenant has inspected the listed items and compared them to the move-in condition. If any
property differs from its move-in condition, other than normal wear and tear, any differences have
been listed on this form. If Tenant disagrees with Landlord's assessment of any differences in
condition upon moving out, those discrepancies have been listed on this form. By signing this
form, Tenant agrees with Landlord's assessment or notes his or her disagreement with the
Landlord.

Date: *

*
Tenant Signature
     