Addendum to Contract-California

This Addendum to Contract is made on * ,20 * , between * ,seller
address:* 

and * ,buyer
address:* 

For valuable consideration, the parties agree as follows:

1.This Addendum is added to the following described contract, dated *  ,which is attached, and
this Addendum is made a part of that contract: * 

2.The parties agree to add to this contract as follows:

Seller shall provide any required disclosures under applicable California law within15 days after
the signing of this Agreement, including California Real Estate Transfer Disclosure Statement,
California Natural Hazard Disclosure Statement, and any additional required disclosures,
including (a)local or county disclosures,(b)industrial use disclosures,(c)miliary ordinance
disclosures, or (d)Mello-Roos Community Facilities Act disclosures. Buyer has the right to cancel
this Agreement within three (3)days after receipt of each of such disclosures, and have all earnest
money or deposits returned.

Notice: The California Department of Justice, sheriff 's departments, police departments serving
jurisdictions of 200,000 or more and many other local law enforcement authorities maintain for
public access a data base of the locations of persons required to register pursuant to paragraph
(1)of subdivision (a)of Section 290.4 of the Penal Code. The data base is updated on a quarterly
basis and a source of information about the presence of these individuals in any neighborhood.
The Department of Justice also maintains a Sex Offender Identification Line through which
inquiries about individuals may be made. This is a "900 "telephone service. Callers must have
specific information about individuals they are checking. Information regarding neighborhoods is
not available through the "900 " telephone service.

3.All other terms and conditions of the original contract remain in effect without further 
modification. This Addendum binds and benefits both parties and any successors. This document,
including the attached contract, is the entire agreement between the parties. The parties have
signed this Addendum on the date specified at the beginning of this Addendum
of Contract.


*
Signature of seller 
*
Printed name of seller

*
Signature of buyer
*
Printed name of buyer