Contract for Deed

This contract is made on * , 20  *  , between * , seller,
address: * 


and  *  , buyer,
address: * 



The seller now owns the following described real estate, located at  * ,
City of  *  , State of  * : and legally described as follows . 



For valuable consideration, the seller agrees to sell and the buyer agrees to buy this property for the
following price and on the following terms:

  1. The seller agrees to sell this property to the buyer, free from all claims, liabilities, and
  indebtedness, unless noted in this contract. 
  
  2. The following personal property is also included in this sale: * 
  
  3. The buyer agrees to pay the seller the sum of $  *  , which the seller agrees to accept as full
  payment, such total purchase price includes interest as noted below in Paragraph #4. 
  
  4. The purchase price will be paid as follows:
     Total Purchase Price  . . . . . . . . . . . . . .   $  * 
     Less Down Payment . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .   $  * 
     Balance Due . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .   $ *   
     (subject to any adjustments or prorations on closing)
     Balance Due will be paid in *  equal monthly payments of $ * 
     each, until the Balance is paid in full. The monthly payments will be due and payable on the  * 
  day of each month, beginning on  * , 20 * . The total purchase price includes principal and interest
  of  *  % (percent) per year on the unpaid balance. The balance due under this contract is
  prepayable at any time, in whole or in part, without penalty
     
  5. The seller acknowledges receiving the down payment of $  *  from the buyer. 
  
  6. If buyer fails to perform any duties under this contract, including the failure to make any of the
  required payments within 30 days of when such payment is due, this contact shall be forfeited and
  terminated 30 days after the receipt by the buyer of a Declaration of Intent to Forfeit and
  Terminate Contract for Deed, which shall be sent to the buyer via Certified U.S. Mail. During the
  30-day period after the receipt of this Declaration, Buyer shall have the right to cure the default.
  If the default is not satisfied within the 30-day period, then on the 31st day after receipt of the
  Declaration, Buyer shall forfeit all monies paid to the Seller under the Contract for Deed and
  Buyer shall immediately vacate the property. Seller shall, on that date, have the right to reenter
  and take full possession of the property, without being liable for any action or any costs incurred
  by the Buyer. Upon termination of this contract by the seller, the seller shall retain all money paid
  by the buyer to the seller as accumulated rent for the property.
  
  7. If seller fails to perform this contract, all money paid to the seller by the buyer shall be returned
  to the buyer or, at buyer's option, the buyer may have the right of specific performance, including
  the performance by the seller of delivering a warranty deed to the buyer for full title to the
  property.
  
  8. All closing costs will be paid by the buyer: Upon payment by the buyer of the entire purchase
  price when due and the fulfillment of all other contracts under this contract by the buyer, the seller
  will deliver to buyer the following documents: 
  
     (a)    A Bill of Sale for all personal property included in this sale
     (b)    A Warranty Deed for the real estate
     (c)    A Seller's Affidavit of Title
     (d)    A closing statement
     (e)    Other documents: * 
  
  9. The buyer agrees to pay all property taxes and assessments against the property beginning with
  the tax year of  * .
  
  10.  Seller represents that it has good and marketable title to the property and, on request, will
  supply the buyer with an abstract of title. Seller further represents that the property is free and
  clear of any restrictions on transfer, claims, indebtedness, or liabilities except the following:
  
     (a)    Zoning, restrictions, prohibitions, or requirements imposed by any governmental
     authority
     (b)    Any restrictions appearing on the plat of record of the property
     (c)    Public utility easements of record
     (d)    Other: * 
     
     Seller warrants that there shall be no violations of zoning or building codes as of the date of this
  contract. Seller also warrants that all personal property included in this sale has been delivered
  to the buyer in working order.
  
  11. Between the date of this contract and the date for closing, the property shall be maintained by the
  buyer in the condition as existed on the date of this contract. In addition, if there is a structure on
  this property as of the date of this contract, the buyer agrees to maintain both general liability
  insurance and property insurance in the amount of the balance due under this contract, as
  specified in Paragraph #4 of this contract, naming the seller as owner of the property and recipient
  of all insurance settlements,  If there is any damage by fire, casualty, or otherwise, prior to
  closing, buyer shall restore the property to the condition as existed on the date of this contract,
  and buyer shall be have the right to use any casualty or fire insurance proceeds for such
  restoration. If buyer fails to do so within a reasonable time, seller may declare this contract forfeit
  and terminated.
     
  12. As required by law, the seller makes the following statement: "Radon gas is a naturally occurring
  radioactive gas that, when accumulated in sufficient quantities in a building, may present health
  risks to persons exposed to it. Levels of radon gas that exceed federal and state guidelines have
  been found in buildings in this state. Additional information regarding radon gas and radon gas
  testing may be obtained from your county health department."
  
  13.  As required by law, the seller makes the following Lead Warning Statement: "Every
  purchaser of any interest in residential real property on which a residential dwelling was built prior
  to 1978 is notified that such property may present exposure to lead from lead-based paint that
  may place young children at risk of developing lead poisoning. Lead poisoning in young children
  may produce permanent neurological damage, including learning disabilities, reduced intelligence
  quotient, behavioral problems, and impaired memory. Lead poisoning also poses a particular
  threat to pregnant women. The seller of any interest in residential real estate is required to provide
  the buyer with any information on lead-based paint hazards from risk assessments or inspection
  in the seller's possession and notify the buyer of any known lead-based paint hazards. A risk
  assessment or inspection for possible lead-based paint hazards is recommended prior to
  purchase."
  
  
  
  
  Seller's Disclosure
  Presence of lead-based paint and/or lead-based paint hazards: (Seller to initial one).
  
       _____     Known lead-based paint and/or lead-based paint hazards are present in building (explain):
            
       _____     Seller has no knowledge of lead-based paint and/or lead-based paint hazards in building.
       
       Records and reports available to seller: (Seller to initial one).
       
       _____     Seller has provided buyer with all available records and reports pertaining to lead-based
       paint and/or lead-based paint hazards are present in building (list documents):
       
       _____     Seller has no records and reports pertaining to lead-based paint and/or lead-based paint
       hazards in building.
       
       Buyer's Acknowledgment
  (Buyer to initial all applicable).
  
       _____     Buyer has received copies of all information listed above.
       _____     Buyer has received the pamphlet "Protect Your Family From Lead in Your Home."
       _____     Buyer has received a ten (10)-day opportunity (or mutually agreed-on period) to conduct
       a risk assessment or inspection for the presence of lead-based paint and/or lead-based
       paint hazards in building.
       _____     Buyer has waived the opportunity to conduct a risk assessment or inspection for the
       presence of lead-based paint and/or lead-based paint hazards in building.
       
  The seller and buyer have reviewed the information above and certify, by their signatures at the
  end of this contract, that to the best of their knowledge, the information they have provided is
  true and accurate.

  14. Seller agrees to provide Buyer with a Real Estate Disclosure Statement (or its equivalent that is
  acceptable in the State in which the property is located) within five (5) days of the signing of this
  Agreement. Upon receipt of the Real Estate Disclosure Statement from Seller, Buyer shall have
  five (5) business days within which to rescind this Agreement by providing Seller with a written
  and signed statement rescinding this Agreement. The disclosures in the Real Estate Disclosure
  Statement are made by the seller concerning the condition of the property and are provided on
  the basis of the seller's actual knowledge of the property on the date of this disclosure. These
  disclosures are not the representations of any real estate agent or other party. The disclosures
  themselves are not intended to be a part of any written agreement between the buyer and seller.
  In addition, the disclosure shall not, in any way, be construed to be a warranty of any kind by the
  seller 
  
  15.  The parties also agree to the following additional terms: * 
  
  16. The buyer and seller agree that this contract or any assignment of this contract may not be
  recorded without the express written permission of the seller. If this contract is recorded contrary
  to the above provision, then any existing balance shall become immediately due and payable.
  
  17. Buyer agrees that any construction on this property be limited to residences built of new materials
  and that all construction comply with all applicable building, health and zoning codes and laws.
  
  18.  No modification of this contract will be effective unless it is in writing and is signed by both
  the buyer and seller. No assignment of this contract by buyer will be effective without the written
  permission of the seller. This contract binds and benefits both the buyer and seller and any
  successors. Time is of the essence of this contract. This document, including any attachments, is
  the entire contract between the buyer and seller. This contract is governed by the laws of the State
  of  *  .
  

* *
Signature of Seller                  Printed Name of Seller

* *
Signature of Witness for Seller      Printed Name of Witness for Seller

* *
Signature of Witness for Seller      Printed Name of Witness for Seller
  

* *
Signature of Buyer                   Printed Name of Buyer

* *
Signature of Witness for Buyer       Printed Name of Witness for Buyer

* *
Signature of Witness for Buyer       Printed Name of Witness for Buyer

