Living Trust of *

Declaration of Trust
 
 I, * , the grantor of this trust, declare and make this Living Trust on * (date).
 
 This trust will be known as the * Living Trust.
 
 I, * , will be trustee of this trust and any subtrusts created under this trust.
 
 My marital status is that * .
 
 Property Transfer
 
 I transfer ownership to this trust of all of the assets which are listed on the attached Schedule of
Assets of Living Trust, which is specifically made a part of this trust. I reserve the right to add
 or delete any of these assets at any time. In addition, I will prepare a separate Deed, Assignment,
 or any other documents necessary to carry out such transfers. Any additions or deletions to the
 Schedule of Assets of Living Trust must be written, notarized, and attached to this document to
 be valid. 
 
 Grantor's Rights
 
 Until I die, I retain all rights to all income, profits, and control of the trust property. If my
 principal residence is transferred to this trust, I retain the right to possess and occupy it for my
 life, rent-free and without charge. I will remain liable for all taxes, insurance, maintenance,
related costs, and expenses. The rights that I retain are intended to give me a beneficial interest in
my principal residence such that I do not lose any eligibility that I may have for a state homestead
exemption for which I am otherwise qualified.
 
 Successor Trustee
 
 Upon my death or if it is certified by a licensed physician that I am physically or mentally unable
to manage this trust and my financial affairs, then I appoint *(name), of *(address), as Successor
Trustee, to serve without bond and without compensation. If this successor trustee is not
surviving or otherwise unable to serve, I appoint * (name), of * (address), as Alternate Successor
Trustee, also to serve without bond and without compensation. The successor trustee or alternate
successor trustee shall not be liable for any actions taken in good faith. References to "trustee" in
this document shall include any successor or alternate successor trustees. 
 
 Trustee's Powers
 
 In addition to any powers, authority, and discretion granted by law, I grant the trustee any and
 all powers to perform any acts, in his or her sole discretion and without court approval, for the
 management and distribution of this trust and any subtrusts created by this trust. I intend the
 trustee to have the same power and authority to manage and distribute the trust assets as an
 individual owner has over his or her own wholly-owned property.
 
 Additional Trustee Powers
 
 The trustee's powers include, but are not limited to: the power to sell trust property, borrow
 money, and encumber that property, specifically including trust real estate, by mortgage, deed of
 trust, or other method; the power to manage trust real estate as if the trustee were the absolute
 owner of it, including the power to lease or grant options to lease the property, make repairs or
 alterations, and insure against loss; the power to sell or grant options for the sale or exchange of
 any trust property, including stocks, bonds, and any other form of security; the power to invest
 trust property in property of any kind, including but not limited to bonds, notes, mortgages, and
 stocks; the power to receive additional property from any source and add to any trust created by
 this trust; the power to employ and pay reasonable fees to accountants, lawyers, or investment
 consultants for information or advice relating to the trust; the power to deposit and hold trust
 funds in both interest-bearing and non-interest-bearing accounts; the power to deposit funds in
 bank or other accounts uninsured by FDIC coverage; the power to enter into electronic fund
 transfer or safe deposit arrangements with financial institutions; the power to continue any
 business of the grantor; the power to institute or defend legal actions concerning the trust or
 grantor's affairs; and the power to execute any document necessary to administer any children's
 trust created in this trust.
 
 Incapacitation
 
 Should the successor trustee or alternate successor trustee assume management of this trust
 during the lifetime of the grantor, the successor trustee or alternate successor trustee shall
manage the trust solely for the proper health care, support, maintenance, comfort, and/or welfare
of the grantor, in accordance with the grantor's accustomed manner of living.
 
 Children's Trust Fund
 
 A If any of my children who are named as beneficiaries on the attached Schedule of
 Beneficiaries of Living Trust are under * years old on my death, I direct that any property
 that I give them under this trust be held in an individual children's trust for each child under
 the following terms, until each shall reach the age of * years old.
 
 B In the trustee's sole discretion, the trustee may distribute any or all of the principal, income, or
both as deemed necessary for the beneficiary's health, support, welfare, and education. Any
income not distributed shall be added to the trust principal. Any such trust shall terminate
 when the beneficiary reaches the required age, dies prior to reaching the required age, or all
 trust funds have been distributed. Upon termination, any remaining undistributed principal and
income shall pass to the beneficiary; or if not surviving, to the beneficiary's heirs; or if none,
 to the residue of the main trust created by this document.
 
 Termination of Trust
 
 Upon my death, this trust shall become irrevocable. The successor trustee shall then pay my
valid debts, last expenses, and estate taxes from the assets of this trust. The successor trustee
shall then distribute the remaining trust assets in the manner shown on the attached Schedule of
 Beneficiaries of Living Trust which is specifically made a part of this trust, subject to the
 provisions of any children's trust which is created by this document. I reserve the right to add
 and/or delete any beneficiaries at any time. Any additions or deletions to the Schedule of
 Beneficiaries of Living Trust must be written, notarized, and attached to this document to be
 valid. 
 
 Survivorship
 
 All beneficiaries named in the Schedule of Beneficiaries of Living Trust must survive me by
thirty (30) days to receive any gift under this living trust. If any beneficiary and I should die
 simultaneously, I shall be conclusively presumed to have survived that beneficiary for purposes
 of this living trust.
 
 
 
 Amendments and Revocations
 
 I reserve the right to amend any or all of this trust at any time. The amendments must be written,
notarized, and attached to this document to be valid. I also reserve the right to revoke this trust at
any time. A revocation of this trust must be written, notarized, and attached to this document to
be valid. 
 
 Governing Law
 
 This trust, containing * pages, was created on the date noted above and will be governed under
the laws of the State of * .
 
 Signature
 
 
 *
 Signature of Grantor
 
 *
 Printed Name of Grantor
 
 Notary Acknowledgment
 

State of *
County of *

On * , * came before me personally and, under oath, stated that he or she is the person described
in the above document and he or she signed the above document in my presence. I declare under
penalty of perjury that the person whose name is subscribed to this instrument appears to be of
sound mind and under no duress, fraud, or undue influence.

*
Notary Public
In and for the County of *
State of *
My commission expires *     Notary Seal
