Durable Health Care Power of Attorney

NOTICE TO ADULT SIGNING THIS DOCUMENT: This is an important legal document.
Before executing this document, you should know these facts: This document gives the person
you designate (the attorney-in-fact) the power to make MOST health care decisions for you if you
lose the capacity to make informed health care decisions for yourself. This power is effective
only when your attending physician determines that you have lost the capacity to make informed
health care decisions for yourself. Regardless of this document, as long as you have the capacity
to make informed health care decisions for yourself, you retain the right to make all medical and
other health care decisions for yourself. You may include specific limitations in this document on
the authority of the attorney-in-fact to make health care decisions for you. Subject to any specific
limitations you include in this document, if your attending physician determines that you have
lost the capacity to make an informed decision on a health care matter, the attorney-in-fact
GENERALLY will be authorized by this document to make health care decisions for you to the
same extent as you could make those decisions yourself, if you had the capacity to do so. The
authority of the attorney-in-fact to make health care decisions for you GENERALLY will include
the authority to give informed consent, to refuse to give informed consent, or to withdraw
informed consent to any care, treatment, service, or procedure to maintain, diagnose, or treat a
physical or mental condition. Additionally, when exercising authority to make health care
decisions for you, the attorney-in-fact will have to act consistently with your desires or, if your
desires are unknown, to act in your best interest. You may express your desires to the attorney-in-
fact by including them in this document or by making them known to the attorney-in-fact in
another manner. When acting pursuant to this document, the attorney-in-fact GENERALLY will
have the same rights that you have to receive information about proposed health care, to review
health care records, and to consent to the disclosure of health care records. You can limit that
right in this document if you so choose. GENERALLY, you may designate any competent adult
as the attorney-in-fact under this document. You have the right to revoke the designation of the
attorney-in-fact and the right to revoke this entire document at any time and in any manner. Any
such revocation generally will be effective when you express your intention to make the
revocation. However, if you made your attending physician aware of this document, any such
revocation will be effective only when you communicate it to your attending physician, or when
a witness to the revocation or other health care personnel to whom the revocation is
communicated by such a witness communicates it to your attending physician. If you execute this
document and create a valid Health Care Power of Attorney with it, this will revoke any prior,
valid power of attorney for health care that you created, unless you indicate otherwise in this
document. This document is not valid as a Health Care Power of Attorney unless it is
acknowledged before a notary public or is signed by at least two adult witnesses who are present
when you sign or acknowledge your signature. No person who is related to you by blood,
marriage, or adoption may be a witness. The attorney-in-fact, your attending physician, and the
administrator of any nursing home in which you are receiving care also are ineligible to be
witnesses. If there is anything in this document that you do not understand, you should ask a
lawyer to explain it to you.

 I, * (printed name) , residing at *, appoint the following person as my attorney-in-fact for health care
decisions, my health care agent, and confer upon this person my health care proxy. This person shall
hereafter referred to as my "health care representative": *(printed name) , residing at *.
 
 I grant my health care representative the maximum power under law to perform any acts on my
behalf regarding health care matters that I could do personally under the laws of the  State of *,
including specifically the power to make any health decisions on my behalf, upon the terms and
conditions set forth below. My health care representative accepts this appointment and agrees to act
in my best interest as he or she considers advisable. This health care power of attorney and
appointment of health care agent and proxy may be revoked by me at any time and is automatically
revoked on my death. However, this power of attorney shall not be affected by my present or future
disability or incapacity.

This health care power of attorney and appointment of health care agent and proxy has the following
terms and conditions:

If I have signed a Living Will or Directive to Physicians, and it is still in effect, I direct that my
health care representative abide by the directions that I have set out in that document. If at any time
I should have an incurable injury, disease, or illness which has been certified as a terminal condition
by my attending physician and one additional physician, both of whom have personally examined
me, and such physicians have determined that there can be no recovery from such condition and my
death is imminent, and where the application of life prolonging procedures would serve only to
artificially prolong the dying process, then:

I direct my health care representative to assure that such procedures be withheld or withdrawn, and
that I be permitted to die naturally with only the administration of medication, the administration of
nutrition and/or hydration, or the performance of any medical procedure deemed necessary to
provide me with comfort, care, or to alleviate pain. If at any time I should have been diagnosed as
being in a persistent vegetative state which has been certified as incurable by my attending physician
and one additional physician, both of whom have personally examined me, and such physicians have
determined that there can be no recovery from such condition, and where the application of life
prolonging procedures would serve only to artificially prolong the dying process, then: I direct that
my health care representative assure that such procedures be withheld or withdrawn, and that I be
permitted to die naturally with only the administration of medication, the administration of nutrition
and/or hydration, or the performance of any medical procedure deemed necessary to provide me with
comfort, care, or to alleviate pain. 


THE FOLLOWING INSTRUCTIONS (IN BOLDFACE TYPE) ONLY APPLY 
IF I HAVE SIGNED MY NAME IN THIS SPACE: __________________________________

However, if at any time I should have been diagnosed as being in a persistent vegetative state
which has been certified as incurable by my attending physician and one additional physician,
both of whom have personally examined me, and such physicians have determined that there
can be no recovery from such condition, I also direct that my health care representative have
sole authority to order the withholding of any aid, including the administration of nutrition,
hydration, and any other medical procedure deemed necessary to provide me with comfort,
care, or to alleviate pain. 

If I am able to communicate in any manner, including even blinking my eyes, I direct that my health
care representative try and discuss with me the specifics of any proposed health care decision. 

 If I have any further terms or conditions, I state them here: * 





I have discussed my health care wishes with the person whom I have herein appointed as my health
care representative, I am fully satisfied that the person who I have herein appointed as my health care
representative will know my wishes with respect to my health care and I have full faith and
confidence in their good judgement.

I further direct that my health care representative shall have full authority to do the following, should
I lack the capacity to make such a decision myself, provided however, that this listing shall in no way
limit the full authority that I give my health care representative to make health care decisions on my
behalf:
     a. to give informed consent to any health care procedure;
     b. to sign any documents necessary to carry out or withhold any health care procedures on
     my behalf, including any waivers or releases of liabilities required by any health care
     provider;
     c. to give or withhold consent for any health care or treatment;
     d. to revoke or change any consent previously given or implied by law for any health care
     treatment;
     e. to arrange for or authorize my placement or removal from any health care facility or
     institution;
     f. to require that any procedures be discontinued, including the withholding of any medical
     treatment and/or aid, including the administration of nutrition, hydration, and any other
     medical procedure deemed necessary to provide me with comfort, care, or to alleviate pain,
     subject to the conditions earlier provided in this document;
     g. to authorize the administration of pain-relieving drugs, even if they may shorten my life.
     
I desire that my wishes with respect to all health care matters be carried out through the authority that
I have herein provided to my health care representative, despite any contrary wishes, beliefs, or
opinions of any members of my family, relatives, or friends. I have read the Notice that precedes this
document. I understand the full importance of this appointment, and I am emotionally and mentally
competent to make this appointment of health care representative. I intend for my health care
representative to be treated as I would be with respect to my rights regarding the use and disclosure
of my individually identifiable health information or other medical records. This release authority
applies to any information governed by the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of
1996 (aka HIPAA), 42 USC 1320d and 45 CFR 160-164.

I declare to the undersigned authority that I sign and execute this instrument as my health care power
of attorney and that I sign it willingly, or willingly direct another to sign for me, that I execute it as
my free and voluntary act for the purposes expressed in this document and that I am nineteen years
of age or older, of sound mind and under no constraint or undue influence ,and that I have read and
understand the contents of the notice at the beginning of this document, and .that I understand the
purpose and effect of this document.

 Dated *  , 20* 

 *
Signature of person granting health care power of attorney and appointing health care representative

*
Printed name of person granting health care power of attorney and appointing health care
representative

 Witness Attestation
I, * (printed name), the first witness, and I, * (printed name), the second witness, sign my name to
the foregoing power of attorney being first duly sworn and do declare to the undersigned authority
that the principal signs and executes this instrument as his/her power of attorney and that he/she
signs it willingly, or willingly directs another to sign for him/her, and that I, in the presence and
hearing of the principal, sign this power of attorney as witness to the principal's signing and that to
the best of my knowledge the principal is nineteen years of age or older, of sound mind and under
no constraint or undue influence. I am nineteen years of age or older. I am not appointed as the health
care representative or attorney-in-fact by this document. I am not related to the principal by blood,
adoption or marriage, nor am I entitled to any portion of the principal's estate under the laws of
intestate succession or under any will or codicil of the principal. I also do not provide health care
services to the principal, nor an employee of any health care facility in which the principal is a
patient and am not financially responsible for the principal's health care.

*      
Signature of First Witness      
*           
Address of First Witness
*
Signature of Second Witness 
*           
Address of Second Witness

Notary Acknowledgment
State of *            
County of *

Subscribed, sworn to and acknowledged before me on this date *, 20*  by * , the principal, who
came before me personally, and under oath, stated that he or she is the person described in the above
document and he or she signed the above document in my presence, or willingly directed another to
sign for him or her. I declare under penalty of perjury that the person whose name is subscribed to
this instrument appears to be of sound mind and under no duress, fraud, or undue influence. This
document was also subscribed and sworn to before me on this date by * , the first witness, and * ,the
second witness .

*
Notary Signature
Notary Public
In and for the County of *           State of  *
My commission expires: *   Notary Seal

In California, Delaware, Georgia, and Vermont, the following statement is required to be signed by
a patient advocate, ombudsman (in California, Delaware and Vermont) or facility director (in
Georgia or Vermont, if the principal is a patient in a skilled nursing facility:

Statement of Patient Advocate or Ombudsman: I declare under penalty of perjury under the laws of
the State of *  that I am a patient advocate or ombudsman (or medical facility director) and am
serving as a witness required by the laws of this state and that the principal appeared to be of sound
mind and under no duress, fraud, or undue influence. 
Dated *
*
Signature of Patient Advocate or Ombudsman
* 
Printed name and title of witness

Acceptance of Appointment as Health Care Attorney-in-Fact and  Health Care Representative
I have read the attached durable health care power of attorney and am the person identified as the
attorney-in-fact and health care representative for the principal. I hereby acknowledge that I accept
my appointment as  health care attorney in fact and health care representative and that when I act as
agent I shall exercise the powers in the best interests of the principal.

*
Signature of person granted health care power of attorney and appointed as health care representative

*
Printed name of person granted health care power of attorney and appointed as health care
representative


