Independent Contractor Agreement


This Agreement is made on * , between * , Employer , whose address is * , and * , Independent
Contractor, whose address is * . The work to be done will occur at the following location: *

For valuable consideration, the Employer and Independent Contractor agree as follows:

1. The Independent Contractor agrees to furnish all of the labor and materials to do the following
work for the Employer as an independent contractor: *

2. The Independent Contractor agrees that the following portions of the total work will be completed
by the dates specified, unless otherwise agreed to by both Independent Contractor and Employer:

Work: *

Date of completion: *

3. The Independent Contractor agrees to perform this work in a competent and skillful manner
according to standard industry practices, and all work performed shall be subject to final approval
by the Employer. If any plans or specifications are part of this job, they are attached to and are part
of this Agreement.

4. The Employer agrees to pay the Independent Contractor as full payment $ * , for doing the work
outlined above. The following payments will be paid to the Independent Contractor on satisfactory
completion of the work in the following manner and on the following dates:

Work: * 

Payment Date: *

Payment Amount: *

5. The Independent Contractor and Employer may agree to extra services and work, but any such
extras must be set out and agreed to in writing by both the Independent Contractor and the Employer.

6. The Independent Contractor agrees to indemnify and hold the Employer harmless from any claims
or liability arising from the Independent Contractor's work under this Agreement.

7. No modification of this Agreement will be effective unless it is in writing and is signed by both
parties. This Agreement binds and benefits both parties and any successors. Time is of the essence
of this Agreement. This document, including any attachments, is the entire agreement between the
parties. This Agreement is governed by the laws of the State of *.

Dated: *

*
Signature of Employer

*
Printed name of Employer

*
Signature of Independent Contractor

*
Printed Name of Independent Contractor

